<meta name="robots" content="noindex">


## Spot Products

### [Ocean](https://docs.spot.io/ocean/)

Ocean automates cloud infrastructure for containers. It continuously analyzes how your containers are using infrastructure, automatically scaling compute resources to maximize utilization and availability utilizing the optimal blend of spot, reserved and on-demand compute instances.

### Elastigroup

Elastigroup simplifies and automates cloud infrastructure for scale-out applications running in AWS, Azure or GCP, freeing operations teams from the burdens of infrastructure management. Elastigroup continuously analyzes your resource usage and provides autoscaling groups that optimize compute resources to ensure availability and meet resource demands using the lowest-cost compute options.

### Elastigroup Staeful Node

Elastigroup Stateful Node enables you to run stateful applications on stateful nodes. Stateful Node utilizes spot nodes while providing persistence for the root volume, data volumes and network interface, in addition to other launch specifications during node replacements.

### Eco

Eco is a flexible reserved capacity management service that manages cloud commitments (Reserved Instances, Savings Plans, and CUDs) on behalf of the customers of the major cloud providers.

### Cost Intelligence

Spot Cost Intelligence assists you in making informed decisions by providing you with the data you need specifically for your use cases. With powerful dashboards and insight-driven visualizations on cloud costs, services, and your entire environment, you can drive the success of short-term projects and your overall FinOps strategy.

### Billing Engine

Billing Engine organizes cloud billing data from AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud. It introduces the concept of Families, which are used to group together accounts and subscriptions for better organization. Families enable users to apply billing rules to accurately track and allocate charges.


### Ocean for Apache Spark

Ocean for Apache Spark (also referred to in the user documentation as Ocean Spark) is a managed cloud-native Spark platform that can be deployed in your cloud account. As of December 2021, Ocean Spark is available on AWS, Azure, and GCP, and is an alternative to managed services like Databricks, EMR, Google Dataproc, Azure HDInsight, or DIY Spark infrastructures.

### Spot Security

Using its methodology of Analyze, Detect, and Act, Spot Security enables you to rapidly understand your cloud security posture on the public cloud and attack surface and compliance gaps. Spot Security provides unprecedented visibility into your cloud deployment, and you can set it up within minutes

### Ocean CD

Ocean CD focuses on the most painful aspects of modern application delivery, giving developers the freedom to push code with confidence while DevOps easily maintain governance and SLOs.

### Spot Connect

Spot Connect is a comprehensive cloud orchestration, automation and response platform that unifies case management, automation, real-time collaboration and incident remediation to serve cloud engineering teams across the incident lifecycle.


### Spot Storage for AWS

Spot Storage is a managed service that optimizes cloud storage using capacity and performance auto-scaling engines and waste management technology for object, block, and file storage.


## Administrating Spot

Manage users, permissions, and accounts in Spot:

## Integration Tools

Spot easily integrates with the tools you already use, including infrastructure-as-code providers such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible, and Puppet. Keep your existing templates in place, and let Spot determine and enforce the best possible mix of server sizes, types, and lifecycles for your workloads.

## Spot by NetApp OpenAPI Specification

Contains REST definitions for all Spot products and platform administration tasks.
The API is hosted at https://api.spotinst.io and requires Bearer Token Authentication.

## FAQ

Frequently Asked Questions about Spot products.

